# Think-Round-Landing-Page
 
This is a rather up-to-date version of the Paradise Project Landing Page.

Issues that remain include but are not limited to:
1. The website was built using a large screen and is not very responsive at smaller sizes.
2. There is no mobile design right now.
3. The CSS generated by the AI has a lot of redundancy and can be trimmed down or merged.
4. The 'Discover Other Exhibits Section' is currently 2 rows of 3, but when the tab is resized smaller it becomes 4 rows of 2-1-2-1, instead of a more visually appealing 3 rows of 2.
5. The Explore button links to nothing right now.
6. Alignment for things like arrows for the Return buttons in the View Details Section can be improved.
7. The speed at which the names for the familes can be hastened slightly, to maybe half or even a fifth of the time.
8. The header links don't currently work, and neither does the search bar. This is the same problem for the footer.
9. The scrollbar in the view details sections could be moved to the left, while the textbox itself could be widened.
10. The Heidi Hardin description box's text could be enlargened, but the CSS goofs up when this happens.

# Think-Round-Gallery-Page

This gallery is currently out of date. Please refer to the Figma for the Paradise Project's gallery section.
Issues include but are not limited to:

1. General Layout
2. Actually incorporating the images - right now everything is placeholder
  + Use Eric Korman's links to google drive, may have to download them directly
    + He has said they are resorting them, so possibly this should be done later
  + Gallery Buttons do not currently work (left, right, fullscreen)
3. Changing how to switch between the family parts
4. Removal of the filtering (has since been removed)
  + Sort by, Filter By can be removed
  + Group by represents the families (Jews, Christians, etc.) so that should be retooled
5. The sidebar is very slow on first open
6. CSS

# Think-Round-Fullscreen-Painting-Page

This version of the fullscreen gallery images is currently out of date. Please refer to the Figma of the full screen images of the Paradise Project.
Issues include but are not limited to:
1. For simplicity, it is probably best to merge the functionality of this file with the gallery page instead of being another page by itself.
2. The format and buttons have been changed and moved around.
